src/content/en/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Multi Agent Seamless SSH Usage Guide'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Multi Agent Seamless SSH Usage Guide

Seamless SSH allows you to connect to servers through QueryPie while preserving the native terminal experience.

This document describes how to use Seamless SSH, along with specs and support scope, based on version 10.2.8.

### How to use

#### Configure SSH config

You can configure the SSH config file to keep using the standard ssh command.


1. Navigate to the `.ssh` directory and create or edit the `config` file.
```
cd ~/.ssh
vi config
```

1. Add the following settings to the `config` file, then save and exit (press `:wq` to save)
```
Host {{Server Name}}
  Hostname {{Server URL}}
  Port {{Server SSH Port}}
  ProxyCommand qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p develop.dev.querypie.io
```

1. If server URLs and ports do not overlap across servers, you can configure it as follows.
```
Host *
  ProxyCommand qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p develop.dev.querypie.io
```

1. Connect to the server using the simplified SSH command.
```
ssh {{Server Account}}@{{Server Name}}
```


#### Configure shell alias

You can configure an SSH alias to continue using the ssh command.


1. Open your shell configuration file.

For Bash:
```
vi ~/.bashrc
```

For Zsh:
```
vi ~/.zshrc
```

1. Add the following line to the shell configuration file, then save and exit. (Press `:wq` to save)
```
alias qshdev='ssh -o ProxyCommand="qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p"'
```

1. Apply the changes to the current shell session.

For Bash:
```
source ~/.bashrc
```

For Zsh:
```
source ~/.zshrc
```

Or simply open a new terminal window.

1. Connect to the server using the alias.
```
qpctl host use develop.dev.querypie.io
qshdev {{Server Account}}@{{Server Name}}
```


### Differences from the previous QueryPie User Agent

#### Base command

Seamless SSH runs using the following command installed with QueryPie Multi Agent.
```
qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p [QueryPie Host]
```

The command used by the previous User Agent was.
```
qpa ssh %r %h %p
```

#### How connection errors are displayed

If an error occurred when connecting to the QueryPie Proxy server, the previous User Agent displayed a dialog, which was not terminal-friendly.

Multi Agent now displays the error in the terminal.
```
$ qpctl ssh manual@core.dev.querypie.io
qpctl: error: Connection error: Timeout
```

### Newly added features

#### Default host

To use Seamless SSH, you need to enter the QueryPie Host, which can be inconvenient.

We added a feature to set a default server used by the qpctl command.

* When a default server is set, you do not need to enter the QueryPie Host in the qpctl ssh-proxy command.
* Even if a default server is set, if you provide a QueryPie Host explicitly, that value will be used.

<Callout type="info">
If you reset the app using Reset All Settings, the default host setting will also be removed.
</Callout>

##### qpctl host list

Check the list of currently registered QueryPie Hosts.

<Callout type="important">
This is not the QueryPie Host currently selected in the UI.
</Callout>
```
$ qpctl host list
QueryPie Hosts:
 - https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
 - http://t8.ec2.querypie.io (current)
 - https://t3.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t4.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t8.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t12.qa.querypie.io
```

##### qpctl host use

Shows the list of registered QueryPie Hosts and lets you select one with the arrow keys
```
$ qpctl host use
Use the arrow keys to navigate: ↓ ↑ → ←
QueryPie Hosts
  ▸ https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
    http://t8.ec2.querypie.io (current)
    https://t3.qa.querypie.io
    https://t4.qa.querypie.io
↓   https://t8.qa.querypie.io
```
```
Selected https://t4.qa.querypie.io
✔ Host changed to https://t4.qa.querypie.io
```

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
[qpctl-host-use-without-hostname.mov](/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide/qpctl-host-use-without-hostname.mov)
</figure>

##### qpctl host use `{QueryPie Host}`

```
$ qpctl host use nightly.dev.querypie.io
✔ Host changed to https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
```

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
[qpctl-host-use-with-hostname.mov](/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide/qpctl-host-use-with-hostname.mov)
</figure>

#### ⚠️ Experimental feature - Use qpctl directly ⚠️

To use Seamless SSH, either

* configure `~/.ssh/config`, or
* add `-o ProxyCommand=qpctl ssh-proxy …` to the ssh command

These are not the most natural experiences.
If you have QueryPie Multi Agent installed, you can use the qpctl command directly for ssh connections.


1. Prefix your ssh command with qpctl.
```
$ qpctl ssh ec2-user@core.dev.querypie.io -i ~/.ssh/querypie-dev.pem
```


1. If you have settings in `~/.ssh/config`, just prefix with qpctl as well.
```
$ cat ~/.ssh/config

Host core-dev
Hostname core.dev.querypie.io
User ec2-user
IdentityFile ~/.ssh/querypie-dev.pem

$ qpctl ssh core-dev
```


### Support scope

#### Minimum supported version

OpenSSH 6.7 or later is required.
```
$ ssh -V
OpenSSH_9.8p1, LibreSSL 3.3.6
```

#### How it works

The qpctl command wraps the ssh client command and automatically adds the ProxyCommand option.

1.  **qpctl**  ssh command_line
2. ssh  **-G**  command_line
    1.  **username, hostname, port**  Extract
3. ssh command_line  **-o ProxyCommand="qpctl ssh-proxy username**   **hostname**   **port"**

#### Unsupported features

##### Custom ProxyCommand

Because qpctl uses ProxyCommand, a custom ProxyCommand cannot be used.
```
$ qpctl ssh ec2-user@core.dev.querypie.io -o ProxyCommand="..."
qpctl: error: ProxyCommand option is not supported
```

##### scp

scp is not supported yet.

Commit message:

mdx: 영어 문서 불일치 수정 26
- Multi Agent Seamless SSH Usage Guide: 한국어 원문 줄바꿈 구조에 맞춰 영어 번역 수정
- Accessing Web Applications: Overview 섹션 3개 문장을 3줄로 분리
- Installing Root CA Certificate and Extension: 누락된 줄바꿈 및 문장 추가
- Using Execution Plan (Explain) Feature: 누락된 이미지 설명과 줄바꿈 복원

주요 수정 사항:
- 한국어 원문과 영어 번역문의 줄바꿈 구조 일치
- 누락되었던 문단과 이미지 설명 복원
- Callout 내부 문장 구조 조정

src/content/en/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Multi Agent Seamless SSH Usage Guide'
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Multi Agent Seamless SSH Usage Guide

Seamless SSH allows you to connect to servers through QueryPie while preserving the native terminal experience.

This document describes how to use Seamless SSH, along with specs and support scope, based on version 10.2.8.

### How to use

#### SSH config Setup

You can configure the SSH config file to use the existing `ssh` command.


1. Navigate to the `.ssh` directory and create or edit the `config` file.
```
cd ~/.ssh
vi config
```

1. Add the following settings to the `config` file, then save and exit (press `:wq` to save)
```
Host {{Server Name}}
  Hostname {{Server URL}}
  Port {{Server SSH Port}}
  ProxyCommand qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p develop.dev.querypie.io
```

1. If server URLs and ports do not overlap across servers, you can configure it as follows.
```
Host *
  ProxyCommand qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p develop.dev.querypie.io
```

1. Connect to the server using the simplified SSH command.
```
ssh {{Server Account}}@{{Server Name}}
```


#### Shell Alias Setup

You can configure an SSH Alias to use the existing `ssh` command.


1. Open your shell configuration file.

For Bash:
```
vi ~/.bashrc
```

For Zsh:
```
vi ~/.zshrc
```

1. Add the following line to the shell configuration file, then save and exit. (Press `:wq` to save)
```
alias qshdev='ssh -o ProxyCommand="qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p"'
```

1. Apply the changes to the current shell session.

For Bash:
```
source ~/.bashrc
```

For Zsh:
```
source ~/.zshrc
```

Or simply open a new terminal window.

1. Connect to the server using the alias.
```
qpctl host use develop.dev.querypie.io
qshdev {{Server Account}}@{{Server Name}}
```


### Differences from the previous QueryPie User Agent

#### Base command

Seamless SSH runs using the following command installed with QueryPie Multi Agent.
```
qpctl ssh-proxy %r %h %p [QueryPie Host]
```

The command used by the previous User Agent was.
```
qpa ssh %r %h %p
```

#### How connection errors are displayed

If an error occurred when connecting to the QueryPie Proxy server during the connection stage, the previous User Agent displayed a dialog, which was not terminal-friendly.

Multi Agent has been changed to  **display error messages in the terminal** .
```
$ qpctl ssh manual@core.dev.querypie.io
qpctl: error: Connection error: Timeout
```

### Newly added features

#### Default host specification

Multi Agent requires entering the QueryPie Host to use Seamless SSH, which can be inconvenient.

We are adding a feature to specify a default server to use for the `qpctl` command.

* When a default server is specified, you do not need to enter the  **QueryPie Host**  in the  **qpctl ssh-proxy**  command.
* Even if a default server is specified, if you enter a  **QueryPie Host** , that value will be used.

<Callout type="info">
If you reset the app using Reset All Settings, the default host setting will also be removed.
</Callout>

##### qpctl host list

Check the list of currently registered QueryPie Hosts.

<Callout type="important">
This is not the QueryPie Host currently selected in the UI.
</Callout>
```
$ qpctl host list
QueryPie Hosts:
 - https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
 - http://t8.ec2.querypie.io (current)
 - https://t3.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t4.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t8.qa.querypie.io
 - https://t12.qa.querypie.io
```

##### qpctl host use

Shows the list of registered QueryPie Hosts and lets you select one with the arrow keys
```
$ qpctl host use
Use the arrow keys to navigate: ↓ ↑ → ←
QueryPie Hosts
  ▸ https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
    http://t8.ec2.querypie.io (current)
    https://t3.qa.querypie.io
    https://t4.qa.querypie.io
↓   https://t8.qa.querypie.io
```
```
Selected https://t4.qa.querypie.io
✔ Host changed to https://t4.qa.querypie.io
```

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
[qpctl-host-use-without-hostname.mov](/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide/qpctl-host-use-without-hostname.mov)
</figure>

##### qpctl host use `{QueryPie Host}`

```
$ qpctl host use nightly.dev.querypie.io
✔ Host changed to https://nightly.dev.querypie.io
```

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
[qpctl-host-use-with-hostname.mov](/user-manual/multi-agent/multi-agent-seamless-ssh-usage-guide/qpctl-host-use-with-hostname.mov)
</figure>

#### ⚠️ Experimental feature - Use qpctl directly ⚠️

To use Seamless SSH

* You can configure `~/.ssh/config`, or
* Enter `-o ProxyCommand=qpctl ssh-proxy …` in the ssh command

The experience is not intuitive.
If you have QueryPie Multi Agent installed, you can use the `qpctl` command directly for ssh connections.


1. Just add `qpctl` before the ssh command you want to use.
```
$ qpctl ssh ec2-user@core.dev.querypie.io -i ~/.ssh/querypie-dev.pem
```


1. For settings in `~/.ssh/config`, just add `qpctl` as well.
```
$ cat ~/.ssh/config

Host core-dev
Hostname core.dev.querypie.io
User ec2-user
IdentityFile ~/.ssh/querypie-dev.pem

$ qpctl ssh core-dev
```


### Support scope

#### Minimum supported version

OpenSSH 6.7 or later is required.
```
$ ssh -V
OpenSSH_9.8p1, LibreSSL 3.3.6
```

#### How it works

The `qpctl` command wraps the `ssh` client command and automatically adds the ProxyCommand option before executing.

1.  **qpctl**  ssh command_line
2. ssh  **-G**  command_line
    1. Extract  **username, hostname, port**
3. ssh command_line  **-o ProxyCommand="qpctl ssh-proxy username**   **hostname**   **port"**

#### Unsupported features

##### Custom ProxyCommand

Because qpctl uses ProxyCommand,  **custom ProxyCommand**  cannot be used.
```
$ qpctl ssh ec2-user@core.dev.querypie.io -o ProxyCommand="..."
qpctl: error: ProxyCommand option is not supported
```

##### scp

scp is not supported yet.
