src/content/en/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Request Audit'
---

# Request Audit

### Overview

The QueryPie proxy monitors and records audit logs for each call of API server call history to Kubernetes clusters managed by the organization.

### Viewing Request Audit

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![image-20240721-082824.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20240721-082824.png)
</figure>

1. Navigate to the Administrator &gt; Audit &gt; Kubernetes &gt; Request Audit menu.
2. Logs are displayed in descending order based on Executed At from 00:00 to 23:59 of the current day. 
3. You can search with the following conditions through the search field in the top left of the table:
    1.  **Name**  : User name
    2.  **Cluster Name**  : Cluster name registered in QueryPie
4. Click the filter button on the right side of the search field to filter with AND/OR conditions for the following:
    1.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
        * `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update`, `patch`, `delete`, `deletecollection`
    2.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
        * `pods`, `pods/exec`, `pods/log`, `pods/portforward`, `services`, `ingresses`, `deployments`, `replicasets`, `statefulsets`, `daemonsets`, `configmaps`, `secrets`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `persistentvolumes`, `persistentvolumeclaims`, `jobs`, `cronjobs`, `serviceaccounts`, `endpoints`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `others`
            * `others` is used to filter items that do not correspond to other custom resources, etc.
    3.  **Executed At**  : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time range
5. You can refresh the log list through the refresh button in the top right of the table.
6. The table provides the following column information:
    1.  **No**  : Event identification number
    2.  **Executed At**  : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time
    3.  **Result**  : API call success/failure status 
        1. :check_mark: Success
        2. :cross_mark: Failure
    4.  **Name**  : Target user name
    5.  **Email**  : Target user email
    6.  **Client IP**  : User client IP address
    7.  **Cluster Name**  : Target Kubernetes cluster name
    8.  **Role**  : Role name that could perform the action
    9.  **Namespace** : Target namespace 
    10.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
    11.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
    12.  **Resource Name**  : Name of the specific Kubernetes resource called 
    13.  **Message**  : Records messages returned during API calls 
        * QueryPie records a total of 2 times for session logs such as pods/exec, matching the start and end times of each session. The distinction can be made through the corresponding message. 
    14.  **Cluster Endpoint**  : Target API endpoint called 
    15.  **Kubernetes Groups**  : Kubernetes group account name that QueryPie Proxy impersonated during API calls
    16.  **Client Name**  : User client name/version (e.g. kubectl/v1.27.3)

### Viewing Request Audit Details

1. You can view detailed information by clicking on each row.
    1. The top displays information based on basic events:
        1.  **Result**  : API call success/failure status 
            1. :check_mark: Success
            2. :cross_mark: Failure
        2.  **Executed At** : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time
        3.  **Message**  : Records messages returned during API calls
        4.  **Name**  : Target user name
        5.  **Email**  : Target user email
        6.  **Client IP**  : User client IP address
        7.  **Client Name**  : User client name/version
        8.  **Cluster Name**  : Target Kubernetes cluster name
        9.  **Role**  : Role name that could perform the action
        10.  **Cluster Endpoint**  : Target API endpoint called
        11.  **Reverse Tunnel Agent Name** : When connected through Reverse Tunnel, the name of the Reverse Tunnel Agent used for communication
        12.  **Tag** : When connected through Reverse Tunnel, the Tag used to select the Reverse Tunnel Agent for communication
        13.  **Pod Session Recording**  : Recording for the corresponding session when executed with Pod exec API
            1. This field is viewable in the detail page only for logs where session recording occurred.
            2. When executed with Pod exec API, recording for the corresponding session proceeds, and the "Session Recording" text includes a hyperlink. 
            3. Clicking the link plays the related session recording. 
        14. The middle section displays information based on API call history: 
            1.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
            2.  **Namespace**  : Target namespace 
            3.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
            4.  **Resource Name**  : Name of the specific Kubernetes resource called 
            5.  **Kubernetes Impersonated User** : Kubernetes user account name impersonated during API calls (expresses --as information)
            6.  **Kubernetes Impersonated Group**  : Kubernetes group account name impersonated during API calls (expresses --as-group information)
        15. The **Request Body** area at the bottom specifies what YAML content was requested via API.
            1. Mainly records content in Create, Update, Patch history. 
            2. The Max Size for Request Body is recorded and stored up to a maximum of 4KB.
            3. When a situation exceeding 4KB occurs, the corresponding kubernetes API call is processed as is, and the record remains only up to 4KB.

Commit message:

mdx: 영어 문서 불일치 수정 03 - Add missing images to English audit log documentation
This commit adds missing figure elements and images to English translations
to match the Korean originals for consistency:

- kubernetes-role-history.mdx: Added filter image and policy modal images
- pod-session-recordings.mdx: Added filter, download progress, playback, and encryption modal images
- request-audit.mdx: Added filter, detail view, and session recording images
- access-control-logs.mdx: Added filter image
- account-lock-history.mdx: Added filter image

All images were already present in Korean versions but were missing
in the English translations, causing structural inconsistencies.

src/content/en/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Request Audit'
---

# Request Audit

### Overview

The QueryPie proxy monitors and records audit logs for each call of API server call history to Kubernetes clusters managed by the organization.

### Viewing Request Audit

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![image-20240721-082824.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20240721-082824.png)
</figure>

1. Navigate to the Administrator &gt; Audit &gt; Kubernetes &gt; Request Audit menu.
2. Logs are displayed in descending order based on Executed At from 00:00 to 23:59 of the current day. 
3. You can search with the following conditions through the search field in the top left of the table:
    1.  **Name**  : User name
    2.  **Cluster Name**  : Cluster name registered in QueryPie
4. Click the filter button on the right side of the search field to filter with AND/OR conditions for the following:
  <figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
  ![image-20240721-082906.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20240721-082906.png)
  </figure>
    1.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
        * `get`, `list`, `watch`, `create`, `update`, `patch`, `delete`, `deletecollection`
    2.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
        * `pods`, `pods/exec`, `pods/log`, `pods/portforward`, `services`, `ingresses`, `deployments`, `replicasets`, `statefulsets`, `daemonsets`, `configmaps`, `secrets`, `namespaces`, `nodes`, `persistentvolumes`, `persistentvolumeclaims`, `jobs`, `cronjobs`, `serviceaccounts`, `endpoints`, `roles`, `rolebindings`, `clusterroles`, `clusterrolebindings`, `others`
            * `others` is used to filter items that do not correspond to other custom resources, etc.
    3.  **Executed At**  : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time range
5. You can refresh the log list through the refresh button in the top right of the table.
6. The table provides the following column information:
    1.  **No**  : Event identification number
    2.  **Executed At**  : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time
    3.  **Result**  : API call success/failure status 
        1. :check_mark: Success
        2. :cross_mark: Failure
    4.  **Name**  : Target user name
    5.  **Email**  : Target user email
    6.  **Client IP**  : User client IP address
    7.  **Cluster Name**  : Target Kubernetes cluster name
    8.  **Role**  : Role name that could perform the action
    9.  **Namespace** : Target namespace 
    10.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
    11.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
    12.  **Resource Name**  : Name of the specific Kubernetes resource called 
    13.  **Message**  : Records messages returned during API calls 
        * QueryPie records a total of 2 times for session logs such as pods/exec, matching the start and end times of each session. The distinction can be made through the corresponding message. 
    14.  **Cluster Endpoint**  : Target API endpoint called 
    15.  **Kubernetes Groups**  : Kubernetes group account name that QueryPie Proxy impersonated during API calls
    16.  **Client Name**  : User client name/version (e.g. kubectl/v1.27.3)

### Viewing Request Audit Details

1. You can view detailed information by clicking on each row. <br/> 
  <figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
  ![image-20250116-121412.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20250116-121412.png)
  </figure>
    1. The top displays information based on basic events:
        1.  **Result**  : API call success/failure status 
            1. :check_mark: Success
            2. :cross_mark: Failure
        2.  **Executed At** : Kubernetes API call occurrence date and time
        3.  **Message**  : Records messages returned during API calls
        4.  **Name**  : Target user name
        5.  **Email**  : Target user email
        6.  **Client IP**  : User client IP address
        7.  **Client Name**  : User client name/version
        8.  **Cluster Name**  : Target Kubernetes cluster name
        9.  **Role**  : Role name that could perform the action
        10.  **Cluster Endpoint**  : Target API endpoint called
        11.  **Reverse Tunnel Agent Name** : When connected through Reverse Tunnel, the name of the Reverse Tunnel Agent used for communication
        12.  **Tag** : When connected through Reverse Tunnel, the Tag used to select the Reverse Tunnel Agent for communication
        13.  **Pod Session Recording**  : Recording for the corresponding session when executed with Pod exec API
            1. This field is viewable in the detail page only for logs where session recording occurred.
            2. When executed with Pod exec API, recording for the corresponding session proceeds, and the "Session Recording" text includes a hyperlink. 
              <figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
              ![image-20240512-055657.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20240512-055657.png)
              </figure>
            3. Clicking the link plays the related session recording. 
              <figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
              ![image-20240721-082651.png](/administrator-manual/audit/kubernetes-logs/request-audit/image-20240721-082651.png)
              </figure> 
        14. The middle section displays information based on API call history: 
            1.  **Verb**  : Specific Kubernetes API action called
            2.  **Namespace**  : Target namespace 
            3.  **Resource**  : Specific Kubernetes resource called
            4.  **Resource Name**  : Name of the specific Kubernetes resource called 
            5.  **Kubernetes Impersonated User** : Kubernetes user account name impersonated during API calls (expresses --as information)
            6.  **Kubernetes Impersonated Group**  : Kubernetes group account name impersonated during API calls (expresses --as-group information)
        15. The **Request Body** area at the bottom specifies what YAML content was requested via API.
            1. Mainly records content in Create, Update, Patch history. 
            2. The Max Size for Request Body is recorded and stored up to a maximum of 4KB.
            3. When a situation exceeding 4KB occurs, the corresponding kubernetes API call is processed as is, and the record remains only up to 4KB.
