src/content/en/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Accessing Web Applications (Websites)'
---

# Accessing Web Applications (Websites)

### Overview

Users can check the list of web applications (websites) for which they have been granted access permissions and safely work by accessing each web application or SaaS platform. To access, you must first have a Role with access permissions granted to you. You need to select an appropriate Role or apply for web application access permissions through Workflow if you don't have a Role.

### Selecting Role

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps &gt; Select a Role](/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites/image-20250629-151725.png)
<figcaption>
QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps &gt; Select a Role
</figcaption>
</figure>

1. On the Role selection screen displayed when first accessing the Web Applications menu, select the Role you want to use for access.
    1. Website access permissions vary by Role, and if you don't have a granted Role, you are redirected to Workflow.
    2. When selecting Just In Time Role, Web Apps where you are designated as Owner or Member are displayed, and you can only access the target Web App after receiving approval through Workflow's `Web App Just-In-Time Access Request` and only during the approved time.

### Accessing Web Applications (Websites)

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps](/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites/image-20250629-152117.png)
<figcaption>
QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps
</figcaption>
</figure>

1. After selecting a Role, you can check the list of Web Apps that the current user can access on the screen.
2. Click the "..." in the top right inside one Web App icon in the list to open the right panel, displaying web application details and access options.
    1. **Expiration Date**: The expiration date and time of the Role is displayed.
    2. **Base URL**: The base URL of the web application is displayed.
    3. **Description**: A description of the web application is displayed.
    4. **Tags**: Tags assigned to the web application are displayed.
    5. **User Activity Recording**: In this section, you can check the user activity items set to be recorded.
        1. Navigated: Page navigation records
        2. Mouse Clicked: Mouse click records
        3. Clipboard Copied: Clipboard copy records
        4. File Uploaded: File upload records
        5. File Downloaded: File download records
        6. Value Changed: Value change records
        7. Scrolled Up/Down: Scroll records
        8. Print Initiated: Print start records
    6. **Open**: Click the **Open** button at the bottom to access the selected web application.
3. Click on a Web App in the list to access that Web App.

Commit message:

Translated MDX files in English
Done
- synchronizing-db-resources-from-ms-azure.mdx
- synchronizing-db-resources-from-google-cloud.mdx
- synchronizing-db-resources-from-aws.mdx
- security.mdx
- managing-servers-as-groups.mdx
- licenses.mdx
- integrating-with-syslog.mdx
- integrating-with-splunk.mdx
- installing-and-removing-server-agent.mdx
- exception-management.mdx
- approval-rules.mdx
- alerts.mdx
- command-audit.mdx
- requesting-unmasking-mask-removal-request.mdx
- requesting-restricted-data-access.mdx
- requesting-db-access.mdx
- connecting-to-authorized-servers.mdx

Add translation-11-3.e691724b.md to track progress.

accessing-web-applications-websites.mdx
groups.mdx
data-policies.mdx
authentication.mdx
requesting-db-policy-exception.mdx
translation-11-3.e691724b.md

src/content/en/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Accessing Web Applications (Websites)'
---

# Accessing Web Applications (Websites)

### Overview

Users can view the list of web applications (websites) they have been granted access to and safely work by connecting to each web application or SaaS platform. To access, you must first have a Role with access permissions. Select an appropriate Role or, if you don't have a Role, request permission to access web applications through Workflow.

### Selecting a Role

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps &gt; Select a Role](/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites/image-20250629-151725.png)
<figcaption>
QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps &gt; Select a Role
</figcaption>
</figure>

* On the Role selection screen displayed when first accessing the Web Applications menu, select the Role you want to use for access.
    * Web access permissions vary by Role, and if you don't have an assigned Role, you will be redirected to Workflow.
    * When selecting a Just In Time Role, you will see Web Apps where you are designated as Owner or Member, and you must receive approval through the `Web App Just-In-Time Access Request` in Workflow before accessing the target Web App. You can only access for the approved duration.

### Accessing Web Applications (Websites)

<figure data-layout="center" data-align="center">
![QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps](/user-manual/web-access-control/accessing-web-applications-websites/image-20250629-152117.png)
<figcaption>
QueryPie Web &gt; Web Access Control &gt; Web Apps
</figcaption>
</figure>

1. After selecting a Role, you can view the list of Web Apps that the current user can access on the screen.
2. Click the "..." in the top right of a Web App icon in the list to open the right panel, which displays web application details and access options.
    1. **Expiration Date**: Shows the expiration date and time of the Role.
    2. **Base URL**: Shows the base URL of the web application.
    3. **Description**: Shows the description of the web application.
    4. **Tags**: Shows the tags assigned to the web application.
    5. **User Activity Recording**: In this section, you can view the user activity items configured to be recorded.
        1. Navigated: Page navigation records
        2. Mouse Clicked: Mouse click records
        3. Clipboard Copied: Clipboard copy records
        4. File Uploaded: File upload records
        5. File Downloaded: File download records
        6. Value Changed: Value change records
        7. Scrolled Up/Down: Scroll records
        8. Print Initiated: Print initiation records
    6. **Open**: Click the **Open** button at the bottom to access the selected web application.
3. Click on a Web App in the list to access that Web App.
